TB 102, native CalDAV / CardDAV support (#9168)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/groupware/sync_thunderbird.rst

 

Recommended method
------------------

Since Thunderbird 102, there is a native support for CardDAV protocol.

To enable it:

* On the address book view, click the down arrow near "**New Address Book**" and choose "**Add CardDAV Address Book**".
* In the next window, type your **user name** and **URL of your server**.
* The next window will ask your username and password for this account.
* The previous window will be refreshed and ask you which address books you wish to sync.
* Choose and then click **Continue**.

If you later add a new Address Book you can redo all of those steps and only the books not already synchronized will be suggested.

For calendars there is too a native support of CalDAV.

To enable it:

* Click on "**+**" near Agendas on the agendas page.
* Choose "**On the network**" on the next window.
* Type you "**user name**" and "**Url of the server**" and click on "Find Calendars".
* Choose which agendas you want to add and click "**Subscribe**"

Same thing here, if you lately want to add more calendar just redo the procedure.

> TBSync method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternative: using the TbSync addon
```
I'd put that as an implied less recommended method, since TbSync is not very active, developed by a sole MZLA employee, and features are destined to go all in Thunderbird itself at some point.
https://github.com/jobisoft/TbSync/issues/591
https://github.com/jobisoft/DAV-4-TbSync/wiki/Since-Thunderbird-102,-TbSync-DAV-is-using-native-CardDAV-sync

Recommended method
------------------

Since Thunderbird 102, there is a native support for CardDAV protocol.

To enable it:

> * On the agenda page, click the down arrow near "**New Address Book**" and choose "**Add CardDAV Address Book**".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On the address book view, click the down arrow near "**New Address Book**" and choose "**Add CardDAV Address Book**".
```

* In the next window, type your **user name** and **URL of your server**.
* The next window will ask your username and password for this account.

> * The previous window will be refresh and ask you which address books you wish to import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The previous window will be refreshed and ask you which address books you wish to sync.
```

* Choose and then click **Continue**.

> If you later add a new Address Book you can redo all of those steps and only the books not already synchronize will be proposed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you later add a new Address Book you can redo all of those steps and only the books not already synchronized will be suggested.
```
